Ma Muqiu
Remember to bring this jade pendant with you.
It's safe.
You gave me two dollars.
A few female college students have gone missing recently
I am from the world
I felt the same yin and evil energy as Wang Defu
Remember to give him this jade pendant then.
Make sure he carries it with him
I've heard about this too
Thank you, I will definitely give it to him.
Mengqiu, I have something else to do
My stepmother is moving out tomorrow
Thank you for looking during this time.
Ok then say hi to me when you leave
OK
I'm leaving now.
Okay, tell mom the truth
Do you really not like Muqiu at all?
I like Muqiu
Then why are you mom
Don't worry about this, you go and clean up first
I will go to Zhang Jiali tomorrow to ask for a house.
Ok you take the piece
Husband, our father really discussed with Lin Shang
Please ask Brother Scar to deal with that trash Chen Hao
That's right, Scar is the 18th best slave
I will definitely let Chen Hao and An An
Completely disappeared in Linhai City
Great, you're sorry, husband.
wait
When Chen Hao, that trash, was tortured to death by Brother Scar
We must go and have a look. Okay.
Except for his bad breath of ruining our engagement party